# Medi-Track

## To access the website from a browser
- Go to http://159.203.164.160:5000/
- Due to the way the project is developed it only runs without erros on the digital ocean server. you can access the working project from the link above

## Use of AI
- Since I was learning new technologies for this porject I did use AI to learn how to use the technologies, the proper syntax, and other information related to the project.
- At no point did I blatently copy and paste code into my project that was generated by AI. It was more used and a guide and tool to understand the technologies and how to implement them.
- The model I used was the free version of ChatGPT

## To access the server:
- Use the command "ssh root@159.203.164.160" in your terminal to ssh into the server.
- It will ask you for a password it is listed in the discord as well.

## To access MYSQL on the server:
- Run "mysql -u root -p" to log into the servers mysql database.
- This command will also ask you for a password it is the same password in the discord used to ssh into the server.
- From here you can access the MediTrack database.

# For future developments

## Issues:
- Make usernames in the database a unique entry
- put asyncdatabasequery in utils so we can use it in medications and cronJobs without rewriting.
- make login and signup separate files if we have time!
- need a secret key (gitlab secret) to secure and verify jwt tokens. Stretch goal, not needed.
- Need to place our api endpoints in our .env or a gitlab secret. These need to be secure.
- Implement error messages in the UI for login and signup errors.
- There will be errors when taking more pills than you have left.
- Fix the add medication api its kinda bad. (checking that all the data is present)
- Make it so when you add a new med it pops up without refreshing the screen.
- Need a permenant solution to checking if we are in daylight savings or not.
- Make email a unique entry in database
- Make the website styles responsiveness better when resizing and for different screen sizes.
